Lupan The 3RD
Opening Theme "Lupan za Saado No Uta"
Lupan III Song "Vocals: Charlie Kosei.
Original Story: Monkey Punch
Serialized in:Weekly Manga Action
Director of  Animation: Yasuo Otsuka
Art Director: Hideo Chiba
Director of Photography: Katsuji Misawa
Music: Takeo Yamashita
Recording Director: Atsumi Tashiro
Editor: Kazuo Inoue
Episode Director: Masaaki Osumi
Produced by: Yomiuri Telecasting Corp.
Tokyo Movie Co..Ltd.
Please proceed to your cars.
All racers.please proceed to your cars.
In pole position number 17
Jackie Stewart in the Ford Tyrrell.
Number 18 is Denis Hulme in a McLaren.
Say.What Are You Doing With That Can?
Num 4 Lupan The 3RD...
I was just checking the oil...
Oil?Huh?
Are you in charge of
maintaining this car?
Not exactly...
Well.then.we don't need your help.
This car's already been well cared for.
Ye-Yessir!!
Jigen. this is Lupan.
As expected.some shady guys
are nosing around here.
How are things where you are?
Very peaceful.
The birds are chirping a tune.
I am not asking about you.
How's my lover. Fujiko Mine?
Have you heard from here?
Your "lover"?
Seems like she Infiltrated
Hotel Miracle just fine.
I haven't heard form her since.
I'm sure she'll be fine. though.
Now.ladies and gentlemen.
the purpose today's meeting...
...is to conduct the funeral of scorpion's
old enemy.Lupan The 3RD!
It's true Lupan yet lives.
but he will soon die.
And we will enjoy witnessing
his death together.
However...First things first.
Dammit!
This is Jigen Daisuke.
What's the latest?
Oh. Jigen. Please hurry and tell
Lupan that Scorpio's planning to...
Is Lupan Burning?!
(Rupan wa Moeteiruka....?!)
I knew what you were up to.
but I've left you alone till now.
If we made a fuss and Lupan got
wise to it.our plans for this...
...funeral might be have ruined...
Makes sense. doesn't it?
Isn't this all just indulgent child's play.
even by Scorpion standards?
Yes. and you are going to add
spice to this "child's play."
You want me to be a baton
girl for Lupan's funeral?
Well. that won't happen.
Lupan is indestructible!
Before now.perhaps. But this time
Ms. Mine.I would gladly wager on his death!
Hida Speedway...
...built in 5 years and at a
cost of 5 billion yen.
We made it the largest of it's
kind in the Eastern world.
Today is host to it's inaugural
Grand-Prix race...
...we assumed the identity of
the Japan Racing Alliance
to issue an invitation to
one special racer.
The driver of that Ferrari 312B.
This man. That's right. Lupan The 3RD!
He's usually very careful.
But when it comes to racing.he's
hooked with a simple invitation.
Humans are interesting like that. don't you think. Ms. Mine?
How does this make any sense?
You've spent 5 billion yen to build
a racetrack just to kill one man?
I am not just getting rid of Lupan....
...I'm crushing the very symbol
of the Lupan Empire.
My rivals. without his support.
will crumble in no time.
The race is about to start.
It's a turbulent course with mountains.valleys....
...and maybe even a surprise
pothole. you see?
Thanks to the hundred cameras we've set up
around the racetrack. we'll see the entire thing.
And. Ms. Mine. as you watch the events
unfold. you will slowly die.yourself.
Jigen.sorry for the wait.
I feel great and so does this machine!
Lupan.something's wrong here.
It's been over thirty minutes
since we've lost contact with her.
Hmm. So she fell into enemy hands.
Well. that's Okay.
Hey. how can you say such a thing?
According to the CIA's statistics research. the
percentage of spies' covers being blown...
Heh. Anyhow.
Fujiko has been caught
And I'm deep into their trap.
They'll get comfortable and when
their guard is down. I'll strike.
"Trap?" Did you say"trap"?
Then. this race is...
That's right.
All these cars.these
racers..they're supposedly top class.
John Surtees in a Surtees TS7.
Jackie Stewart in a Ford Tyrrell.
Denny Hulme in a McLaren.
Beltoise in a Matra-Simca.
But you can tell by their technique
that they're impostors.
The cars are disguised well. but
their sounds give them away.
They've all been manufactured by
Scorpion subsidiaries.
I don't know what kind
of trap they have prepared for me.
I knew exactly what this was
as from the get-go.
Lupan. enough chatter.
You've got another car on your tail!
A Lotus 72.
Lupan. is it "Scorpion"?
No..not him.it's our rival. from the
Tokyo Metropolitan Police
Inspector Zenigata
Zenigata...
Lupan. How many years
has it been chasing you like this.
It's in my blood.
It's fate.
If you weren't the grandson
of Arsêne Lupan .
And If I weren't a descendant
of Heiji Zenigata.
I'm going to arrest you
for sure some day.
You are a pretentious scoundrel...
I am sure to catch you today!
I'll arrest you today.
There's no doubt you'll do
something here today.
I'll never take my eye
off your car no matter what happens.
This is the commissioner to all mechanics.
Initiate the "Lupan The 3RD
Execution Plan"as instructed
Roger!
The show has started.
So. let's start. too. Ms. Mine.
It has to look like an accident...
But Lupan's a sharp one.
Even at 200 kilometers an hour. he
spotted the anomaly on the road.
He certainly deserves his class-"A" license
Darn!
Jigen. the fun's starting.
Let's show them some fun of our own.
All right!
The Water Department?
A plumbing problem?
Yes.We received a phone call from
your hotel that the flushing system...
...of the employee-only
toilets are out of order.
Strange.I have no record
of such a call...
Well. if it's been a mistake.
that's fine. too.
Hey. you!you!
Please wait and take a look anyway!
Sure.
Here is the place. Please make it quick.
Yes.
Let's see...I think they said
it was the lady's toilet.
Oh.this is no good. something's
stuck. No. It won't do.
You...You are Lupan!
Goodnight!
Ah! Stop...no!I can't breathe...
Please...no!
can't breathe!
I can't breathe!
Stop it!
How do you feel now? Lupan is one
step from death...How about you?
Please open up!open the door!
Wha...
what's going on?!
Guards. go check it out!
Wa... Water!?
What's with this water!Hurry!
Shut the door quick!Hurry up!
Commissioner!It's Lupan... Lupan did it!
Wha...what!? Don't be a moron!
Look over there!.
Unless there's been some
kind of miracle.Lupan...
A miracle it was. then.
Eh?
- Lupan?
- Lupan!
Lupan!
That's right. It's not unnatural for a miracle
to occur in a hotel named "miracle".
Now. how about we start
the funeral for Scorpion?
Shoot him! Shoot him!
Hey. Fujiko. How are you?
Oh. I'm so-so. Mr. Lupan.
But. since you were coming. I wish
you could have come a bit sooner
No. no.on the contrary. I think I
should have come a little bit later.
Zenigata. old man. you're
not a bad driver...
...but my car is a lot better.
So. don't take this too hard.
Hey. Lil' Red Riding Hood.
So. how was
Scorpion castle?
Umm... It was nothing special.
What about you?
How did you like being a racer?
Now then...
It's time to put an end to this.
The three winning drivers
will approach the stand...
Damn... I was hoping he'd pull
something during the race...
...but the only thing
he stole today was speed.
Huh?
Hey. chairman!
Yes?
Present!
-After him! After him!
-Hold it!
I knew it!
Idiot! What. do you think
I'll let you stop me?!
Not at all. But stay here if
you don't want to die.
What?
It's time.
3... 2... 1... 0.
Well.well. If it isn't the honorable
Zenigata. It's been a while.
Lupan! What the...
It's burning! It's burning!
Lupan is burning!
Scoundrel! What have you done?
Hey! I have got an alibi.
And you are my witness.
Of all people. Well done. Inspector.
After all.you were right behind my
car during the whole race.
Don't take me for a fool. Lupan!
You think that I'm just
a third-class police officer.
But you're wrong!
I know what you've
done. I have a witness.
The trick has been exposed.
see?
Ah! Jigen! No. No...
Who is this guy?
Huh?
Fujiko! So. you were...
That's right. Fujiko Mine was
working with me from the start.
Lupan. you are under arrest!
So. Mr. Zenigata. This seals the deal.
Now please.give me
what you promised.
Yes.I'm a man of my word.
Here it is!
An arrest warrant!?
Is it yours?
That's right. And now. I'm free.
Lupan. I'm sorry.
Indeed. freedom is mankind's
most valuable asset.
But for you Lupan. a life without
freedom awaits. Come along.
There's no use fighting
it. so get moving now.
You're wasting your time in resisting!
You can't escape from me!
So. Are you here to kill a traitor?
Oh no!nothing like that. for women.
betrayal is just another accessory.
No one could love a woman if they let
that get to them. Isn't that right?
Stop it! Sto...
Hey. what's up? In next week's
episode. a strange man appears.
His name is Pycal. He
sounds like a drunkard.
He can deflect Bullets like they're nothing
and shoot crimson fire from his fingertips.
He's even giving me a rough time!
Up next week:
"the man they called a magician"
You'll just have to wait
to see me in action.
I'll see ya on this channel!
He kicks off the red waves
That entwine around his feet
As machine guns scream.
Resembling the crazy morning light. it's his
Walther P-38.
Everything he holds.
In his own two hands.
Is bound by fate
To disappear on him
Lupan the 3RD.
Ashi moto ni karamitsuku
Akai nami o kette
Mashin ga sakebu
Furutta asa no hikari ni mo mita
Warusaa pi sanjuu hachi
Kono te no naka ni
Dakareta mono wa
Subete kieyuku
Sadame nanosa
Rupan sansei